This is what I consider to be a fairly feature-filled home decor 
modpack.  As such, it comes in multiple parts:

* The actual homedecor mod, which supplies a bunch of stuff found in 
most homes (like flower pots, home electronics, brass and wrought-iron 
tables, and a bunch of other things).

* A "3d extras" mod, which supplies things that re-define something in 
some other mod (or in the default game) so that those objects become 
fully 3d (instead of a flat cube), as well as things which are directly 
related.  This mod, for example, provides 3d bookshelves and their empty 
and half-depth "open frame" counterparts.

* A signs library forked from the one that thexyz and PilzAdam first 
made, which produces visible text on signs (and which has been extended 
to put signs on fences, including the brass and wrought iron ones here 
in homedecor).

* Sdzen's building_blocks mod, which is here to supply not only a few 
blocks to build with, obviously, :-) but also to supply a number of 
materials to craft other things in Homedecor with.

All items can be accessed either by crafting various other items 
together, or with the usual /give commands.  To get a list of the actual 
node names, just go into the homedecor/ folder and run the listnodes.sh 
Bash script.  Note that a few of the listed nodes are kinda useless by 
themselves (like the various parts of the folding doors).

All of the images used for the recipes in the forum post tracking this 
mod are included in the crafting-guide/ folder.

Most stuff can be made from materials found through a game world.  Some 
stuff can only be crafted by using materials from another mod (look for 
the orange highlights).  Currently, this mod can use materials from 
moreores, mesecons, wool, and unifieddyes if present. You can still use 
the usual /give commands to get the items that depend on these mods if 
you don't use them installed.

This mod is still a work-in-progress, but should be complete enough not 
to irritate anyone. :-) Namely, many items can be used as fuel but the 
burn times need tuning and I need to tune the cook time and fuel usage 
on the four smelted items.

Much of the code (especially for the doors) plus the bucket were taken 
from the files which come with Minetest and altered to suit.  Many 
thanks to Jeija for coming up with an elegant cylinder using nodeboxes; 
see his 'irregular' mods).  His code is used herein (you can guess where
:-) ).

Dependencies: none (just the game's default stuff)

Recommends: buckets, flowers, unifieddyes, junglegrass, moreores, 
mesecons, wool
